


# Rho: Language: Launchbury: Testing: Custom: First
We start with a problem space that consists of the abstractions and applicatons containing zero, one, two and three operators.  All the terms are lexical however they are not all grammatical with respect to Launchbury's syntax so we remove the non-gramatical terms from the problem space.  (See *custom/0-first/5-analysis*.)  We know that the abstractions are in normal form and so we remove the abstractions from the problem space.  (Run *bin/test-custom 0-first/5-analysis*.)  The remaining terms are grammatical however they are not all meaningful with respect to Launchbury's semantics.  (Again, run *bin/test-custom 0-first/5-analysis*.)  The terms that are not meaningful all have a common problem, that is, they contain at least one free variable with no value that gets invoked in the course of the evaluation.  It is desired to maintain the current form of the term so one of two 'tweaks' is employed to make each necessitating term meaningful, depending on whether it is an abastraction or application being tweaked.  If the free variable occurs in an abstraction, change the variable to one that is already a parameter.  If the free variable occurs in an application, extend the heap with a value for the variable.  In practice, the former means replacing some occurences of `^pb` with `^oo`; the latter means extending a heap (`h`)  to be `;:f^ooh`, `;:a^pbh` or `;:a^ooh`.  (Run *bin/test-custom 0-first/7-reduction* and *bin/test-custom 0-first/9-execution*.)
